About the Site
==============



Technology
----------

### Content Management

This site is all static html generated by [PieCrust][1] version 1.1.0-dev. Some
redirection and mime-type modifications are made in a `.htaccess` file, but the
site is static. PieCrust is a breeze to use and uses source files of HTML,
templates (I’m using [Twig][2]), and a bit of [YAML][3].

[1]: <http://bolt80.com/piecrust/>

[2]: <http://twig.sensiolabs.org/>

[3]: <http://www.yaml.org/>

### Layout and Responsive Design

The HTML is based on [Twitter Bootstrap][4]. Dynamic functionality is courtesy
of [jQuery][5], Bootstrap’s integration with jQuery, and a tiny bit of my
javascript code.

[4]: <http://twitter.github.io/bootstrap/>

[5]: <http://jquery.com/>

The theme for my Bootstrap layout is [Flatly][6] from [Bootswatch][7].

[6]: <http://bootswatch.com/flatly/>

[7]: <http://bootswatch.com/>

### Code Highlighting

Code highlighting is provided by [Google Code Prettify][8], a project by Google
that does a great job a guessing (or you can be explicit) the language and
highlighting appropriately.

[8]: <https://code.google.com/p/google-code-prettify/>

I’m using the [Desert][9] theme with Google Code Prettify.

[9]: <http://google-code-prettify.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/styles/index.html>

### Comments

[Disqus][10] handles all the comments extremely well, which is what allowed me
to move this site to static HTML instead of a dynamic CMS. They made it a breeze
to import my WordPress XML (after modifying it to add an atom xmlns namespace
and remove some spaces at the top).

[10]: <http://disqus.com/>

### Previous Site

The previous version of this site ran on [WordPress][11]. I am thankful that
their database is easy to understand, which made it a breeze to import into
PieCrust. I even helped extend the [WordPressImporter.php][12] class to improve
WordPress imports. I maintain an even [more functional version][13] in my fork.

[11]: <http://wordpress.org/>

[12]: <https://github.com/ludovicchabant/PieCrust/blob/master/src/PieCrust/Interop/Importers/WordpressImporter.php>

[13]: <https://github.com/cbenard/PieCrust/blob/master/src/PieCrust/Interop/Importers/WordpressImporter.php>

People
------

[Juan Treminio][14] was instrumental in helping me to understand PieCrust, and I
used his site’s code as the basis for a lot of my work. I’m a .Net Developer by
trade, and I appreciated him helping me through some of the PHP and PieCrust
issues I had.

[14]: <http://jtreminio.com/>

[Seth Gholson][15] gave me a lot of input during the development process, and
criticized my work a lot, for which I am thankful. The site is better as a
result.

[15]: <http://sethgholson.com/>

Content License
---------------

Chris Benard’s Blog by [Chris Benard][16] is licensed under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License][17].

[16]: <http://chrisbenard.net/>

[17]: <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US>

The source is available on [GitHub][18]. I can’t promise I’ll accept pull
requests on my blog, but feel free to poke around.

[18]: <http://github.com/cbenard/chrisbenard.net>
